Christmas is two weeks away if you're
still on the hunt for gifts which I
assume most of you are we have some
ideas for you
well courtesy of your friend television
we've collected these here are some
items for this year's gift guides as
seen on TV
introducing The Hangover helmet The
Hangover helmet will diminish headaches
and increase relaxation by applying gel
cooling packs directly to your pressure
points this stylish hat will give you
the chilling soothing effect that you
need to reduce your headaches and feel
better faster look at that face but
those teeth are terrible yeah there's
active right the natural teeth whitening
system made with activated coconut
charcoal powder so you can smile with
confidence simply dial the per slice to
the desired number of slices a line per
slice to the outside edge of your cake
with the correct diameter marker on the
blades press down to slice through your
cake and pull the spatula lever to serve
the perfect slice every time hi Kathy
Mitchell here would eat this book my new
collection of recipes that you prepare
and cook on a page from the book it's
dinner made easy start with boneless
chicken thighs then fill the spaces with
frozen peas and ham
it's like coloring with food
that's a nifty item rats like it's like
a hot pocket you can eat I am Jimmy
Kimmel give back this holiday season by
my new book the serious goose I wrote it
and illustrated it all the money I make
those two children's hospitals across
the country so you know what to do